dblog.md, before:

Date | Log Entry
:--- | --- 
Mon Jan 30 15:51:16 EST 2023 | `met with JD to help with BIDs conversion of hyperscanning data`
Mon Jan 30 15:50:47 EST 2023 | `met with courtney this morning for weekly check in`
Mon Jan 30 15:50:27 EST 2023 | `set kodi up with dblog on github for monitoring sys admin events while I am away`
Mon Jan 30 15:49:52 EST 2023 | `Met with Kodi today to go over checking status of data storage and handling DBIC user credentials`
Fri Jan 27 15:44:17 EST 2023 | `met with Kodi about sys admin training made dsome progress will meet again monday`
Fri Jan 27 15:43:20 EST 2023 | `collected fMRI test data for reprostim this morning with YOH`
Fri Jan 27 15:39:49 EST 2023 | `successfully ran an HCP subject for mask averages and soon be able to get all tables`
Fri Jan 27 15:39:02 EST 2023 | `ADded documentation for Kodi as basck up admin and we meet again on monday`
Fri Jan 27 14:48:54 EST 2023 | `added script to anayliyze aws HCP data`
Thu Jan 26 13:05:53 EST 2023 | `found hcp mask for Tor and set up a meeting for Feb 2 at 3pm sent email to confirm that I found the correct mask`
Thu Jan 26 12:37:39 EST 2023 | `per Tors request forked and cloned cosan lab Neuroimaging_Pattern_Masks`
Thu Jan 26 12:36:40 EST 2023 | `resupplied a log book in scan room and talked with courtney about possible trouble with Eye-Link`
Thu Jan 26 12:35:56 EST 2023 | `met with JD this morning about heudiconv and getting hypoerscanning DHMC data into bids etc well meet again on Monday Jsn 30`
Wed Jan 25 13:54:46 EST 2023 | `updated logins and groups on inbox for kodi and yoh`
Wed Jan 25 12:08:07 EST 2023 | `REscheduled with Kodi for Friday at 1pm`
Wed Jan 25 11:53:37 EST 2023 | `emailed Tor to set up meeting about HCP analyses`
Wed Jan 25 11:31:42 EST 2023 | `Update for permissions on dibic group rc-DBIC-psych160 failed and so emailed R Brittain to request fix`
Wed Jan 25 10:56:55 EST 2023 | `transfering dicoms 2017 03 to discovery`
Tue Jan 24 15:51:35 EST 2023 | `uploading dicom 2017 to discovery now`
Tue Jan 24 15:51:06 EST 2023 | `Helped Chris Welker accerss data from drzeuss zpool flash was unimported`
Tue Jan 24 13:59:42 EST 2023 | `SEnt a message to RC open ticket to fix insufficientAccessRights error for modifyADgroup rc-DBIC-psych160`
Tue Jan 24 13:21:38 EST 2023 | `running rsync for inbox to discovery 2016 11`
Tue Jan 24 10:55:39 EST 2023 | `add to do how to modify acl on discovery recursively`
Tue Jan 24 10:24:29 EST 2023 | `made meeting with Kodi for SA backuip training`
Tue Jan 24 10:21:42 EST 2023 | `Set up meeting with JD at 11am Thursday jan 26`
Tue Jan 24 10:15:03 EST 2023 | `Testing rsync script for 2026-10`
Tue Jan 24 10:14:30 EST 2023 | `created script for rsync of dicom archive data tranfer to discovery by year and month`
Mon Jan 23 15:53:55 EST 2023 | `reinstalled rsync on INBOX`
Mon Jan 23 15:26:56 EST 2023 | `Added bids user and updated ssh keys for login from discovery and reinstalled git in inbox`
Mon Jan 23 14:18:20 EST 2023 | `Emailed Kodi about setting up sys admin training meeting`
Mon Jan 23 13:44:47 EST 2023 | `Updated dblog and closed issue`
Mon Jan 23 13:42:09 EST 2023 | `Testing dblog`
Mon Jan 23 11:44:56 EST 2023 | `Finished meeting with Courtney where we revisited goals and set up reviewing progress on github`
Mon Jan 23 10:58:09 EST 2023 | `Added to dos to github`
Sun Jan 22 20:55:20 EST 2023 | `chmod-ed ownershi on inbox/PHILIPS and updated etc/group`
Sun Jan 22 20:47:27 EST 2023 | `fixed ssh keys on dbic-mrinbox and added zfs-inbox-backup to cron`
Sun Jan 22 20:34:02 EST 2023 | `Reinstated auto snapshots of DICOM and BIDS on INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 20:20:26 EST 2023 | `Fixed Jedcap Upload data script`
Sun Jan 22 19:04:12 EST 2023 | `New INBOX has 32.5T free space and is healthy`
Sun Jan 22 19:01:03 EST 2023 | `Adjusted mounts on rolando. Needed to reboot because of BIDS user using BIDS mount.`
Sun Jan 22 18:59:59 EST 2023 | `Adjusted exports on dbic-mrinbox to export new INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:40:28 EST 2023 | `Restarted DICOM server to send new data to expanded INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:34:08 EST 2023 | `Made snapshots of dbic-inbox BIDS and DICOM and sync with inbox`
Sun Jan 22 18:08:18 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:07:59 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:05:49 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:04:40 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:02:24 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:01:19 EST 2023 | here is a new test again
Sun Jan 22 18:00:25 EST 2023 | here is a new test

Commit message:

set up Kodi with admin rights on dbic-mrinbox and on commissure

dblog.md, after:

Date | Log Entry
:--- | --- 
Mon Jan 30 15:51:42 EST 2023 | `set up Kodi with admin rights on dbic-mrinbox and on commissure`
Mon Jan 30 15:51:16 EST 2023 | `met with JD to help with BIDs conversion of hyperscanning data`
Mon Jan 30 15:50:47 EST 2023 | `met with courtney this morning for weekly check in`
Mon Jan 30 15:50:27 EST 2023 | `set kodi up with dblog on github for monitoring sys admin events while I am away`
Mon Jan 30 15:49:52 EST 2023 | `Met with Kodi today to go over checking status of data storage and handling DBIC user credentials`
Fri Jan 27 15:44:17 EST 2023 | `met with Kodi about sys admin training made dsome progress will meet again monday`
Fri Jan 27 15:43:20 EST 2023 | `collected fMRI test data for reprostim this morning with YOH`
Fri Jan 27 15:39:49 EST 2023 | `successfully ran an HCP subject for mask averages and soon be able to get all tables`
Fri Jan 27 15:39:02 EST 2023 | `ADded documentation for Kodi as basck up admin and we meet again on monday`
Fri Jan 27 14:48:54 EST 2023 | `added script to anayliyze aws HCP data`
Thu Jan 26 13:05:53 EST 2023 | `found hcp mask for Tor and set up a meeting for Feb 2 at 3pm sent email to confirm that I found the correct mask`
Thu Jan 26 12:37:39 EST 2023 | `per Tors request forked and cloned cosan lab Neuroimaging_Pattern_Masks`
Thu Jan 26 12:36:40 EST 2023 | `resupplied a log book in scan room and talked with courtney about possible trouble with Eye-Link`
Thu Jan 26 12:35:56 EST 2023 | `met with JD this morning about heudiconv and getting hypoerscanning DHMC data into bids etc well meet again on Monday Jsn 30`
Wed Jan 25 13:54:46 EST 2023 | `updated logins and groups on inbox for kodi and yoh`
Wed Jan 25 12:08:07 EST 2023 | `REscheduled with Kodi for Friday at 1pm`
Wed Jan 25 11:53:37 EST 2023 | `emailed Tor to set up meeting about HCP analyses`
Wed Jan 25 11:31:42 EST 2023 | `Update for permissions on dibic group rc-DBIC-psych160 failed and so emailed R Brittain to request fix`
Wed Jan 25 10:56:55 EST 2023 | `transfering dicoms 2017 03 to discovery`
Tue Jan 24 15:51:35 EST 2023 | `uploading dicom 2017 to discovery now`
Tue Jan 24 15:51:06 EST 2023 | `Helped Chris Welker accerss data from drzeuss zpool flash was unimported`
Tue Jan 24 13:59:42 EST 2023 | `SEnt a message to RC open ticket to fix insufficientAccessRights error for modifyADgroup rc-DBIC-psych160`
Tue Jan 24 13:21:38 EST 2023 | `running rsync for inbox to discovery 2016 11`
Tue Jan 24 10:55:39 EST 2023 | `add to do how to modify acl on discovery recursively`
Tue Jan 24 10:24:29 EST 2023 | `made meeting with Kodi for SA backuip training`
Tue Jan 24 10:21:42 EST 2023 | `Set up meeting with JD at 11am Thursday jan 26`
Tue Jan 24 10:15:03 EST 2023 | `Testing rsync script for 2026-10`
Tue Jan 24 10:14:30 EST 2023 | `created script for rsync of dicom archive data tranfer to discovery by year and month`
Mon Jan 23 15:53:55 EST 2023 | `reinstalled rsync on INBOX`
Mon Jan 23 15:26:56 EST 2023 | `Added bids user and updated ssh keys for login from discovery and reinstalled git in inbox`
Mon Jan 23 14:18:20 EST 2023 | `Emailed Kodi about setting up sys admin training meeting`
Mon Jan 23 13:44:47 EST 2023 | `Updated dblog and closed issue`
Mon Jan 23 13:42:09 EST 2023 | `Testing dblog`
Mon Jan 23 11:44:56 EST 2023 | `Finished meeting with Courtney where we revisited goals and set up reviewing progress on github`
Mon Jan 23 10:58:09 EST 2023 | `Added to dos to github`
Sun Jan 22 20:55:20 EST 2023 | `chmod-ed ownershi on inbox/PHILIPS and updated etc/group`
Sun Jan 22 20:47:27 EST 2023 | `fixed ssh keys on dbic-mrinbox and added zfs-inbox-backup to cron`
Sun Jan 22 20:34:02 EST 2023 | `Reinstated auto snapshots of DICOM and BIDS on INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 20:20:26 EST 2023 | `Fixed Jedcap Upload data script`
Sun Jan 22 19:04:12 EST 2023 | `New INBOX has 32.5T free space and is healthy`
Sun Jan 22 19:01:03 EST 2023 | `Adjusted mounts on rolando. Needed to reboot because of BIDS user using BIDS mount.`
Sun Jan 22 18:59:59 EST 2023 | `Adjusted exports on dbic-mrinbox to export new INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:40:28 EST 2023 | `Restarted DICOM server to send new data to expanded INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:34:08 EST 2023 | `Made snapshots of dbic-inbox BIDS and DICOM and sync with inbox`
Sun Jan 22 18:08:18 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:07:59 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:05:49 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:04:40 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:02:24 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:01:19 EST 2023 | here is a new test again
Sun Jan 22 18:00:25 EST 2023 | here is a new test
